[Xamarin.Android.Build.Tasks] remove $(AndroidExplicitCrunch) (#4375)
xamarin/xamarin-android: Documentation/release-notes/4375.md

### AndroidExplicitCrunch feature removed

In previous Xamarin.Android versions, setting the
`AndroidExplicitCrunch` MSBuild property to `true` would configure the
build to [crunch][crunch-upstream] PNG drawable resources using a
separate MSBuild task before passing them to AAPT.

This feature was never compatible with projects configured to use
AAPT2 and was automatically disabled in those projects.  For projects
configured to use the older AAPT tool, this feature could cause builds
to rerun AAPT on every build, which may or may not improve build times

> depending on the project.  Due to these limitations, this feature has

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to rerun AAPT on every build.  Due to these limitations, this feature has
```

I think "improve build times" reads as backwards in the current context. One option could be something like: "which could hurt overall build times." But after rereading this, I think an even simpler option could be to leave off the last part of the sentence altogether because "rerun ... on every build" already suggests that the behavior was undesirable.
